docs: added doc for agoric/synpress commands (#1107)
Agoric/documentation: main/e2e-testing.md

- [PSM dApp E2E Tests](https://github.com/Agoric/dapp-psm/tree/main/tests/e2e)
- [Wallet dApp E2E Tests](https://github.com/frazarshad/wallet-app/tree/main/test/e2e)

## @agoric/synpress Commands

> The `@agoric/synpress` commands are custom Cypress commands designed for use with Keplr. They provide ready-made functions to interact with Keplr-specific elements and workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@agoric/synpress` is a custom command set for Cypress designed for use with Keplr. They provide ready-made functions to interact with Keplr-specific elements and workflows.
```

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't `@agoric/synpress  is a custom command`  imply that it's just custom commands for interacting with Keplr, when in fact it's a full testing framework?

- `privateKey` _(**string**)_: The private key for the wallet.
- `password` _(**string**)_: The password for the wallet. (default is `Test1234`).
- `newAccount` _(**boolean**)_: Whether to create a new wallet or not. (default is `false`).
- `walletName` _(**string**)_: The name of the wallet. (default is `My Wallet`).
- `selectedChains` _(**array**)_: The chains to select. (default is an empty array, `[]`).
- `createNewWallet` _(**boolean**)_: Whether to create a new wallet (default is `false`).

**Returns:**

- _(**boolean**)_: `true` if the wallet was set up successfully, `false` otherwise.

### `acceptAccess`

Handles the authorization process for connecting the Keplr wallet to a DApp. DApps provide a `Connect Wallet` option to initiate this process.

**Returns:**

- _(**boolean**)_: `true` if access was accepted successfully, `false` otherwise.

### `confirmTransaction`

Handles signing transactions within a DApp using the Keplr wallet. This occurs when a user initiates a transaction, such as sending tokens or interacting with a smart contract.

**Returns:**

- _(**boolean**)_: `true` if transaction was approved successfully, `false` otherwise.

> ### Managing Browser Tabs

Reviewer 3: For consistency make this ## and its subheading commands ### or in the previous section do the opposite: make the heading ### and commands ####.

- [PSM dApp E2E Tests](https://github.com/Agoric/dapp-psm/tree/main/tests/e2e)
- [Wallet dApp E2E Tests](https://github.com/frazarshad/wallet-app/tree/main/test/e2e)

## @agoric/synpress Commands

The `@agoric/synpress` commands are custom Cypress commands designed for use with Keplr. They provide ready-made functions to interact with Keplr-specific elements and workflows.

> ## `setupWallet`

Reviewer 3: use `###` here and in the following subheadings unless you are using another format.

Initializes a Keplr wallet for testing. You can either create a new one or import an existing one using the provided options.

**Arguments:**

(All arguments are optional)

The command takes a single object as an argument with the following keys:

- `secretWords` _(**string**)_: The secret words for the wallet. (default is a predefined mnemonic phrase that represents a wallet address on the Agoric chain)
- `privateKey` _(**string**)_: The private key for the wallet.
- `password` _(**string**)_: The password for the wallet. (default is `Test1234`).
- `newAccount` _(**boolean**)_: Whether to create a new wallet or not. (default is `false`).
- `walletName` _(**string**)_: The name of the wallet. (default is `My Wallet`).
- `selectedChains` _(**array**)_: The chains to select. (default is an empty array, `[]`).
- `createNewWallet` _(**boolean**)_: Whether to create a new wallet (default is `false`).

> 

Reviewer 2: `newAccount` and `createNewWallet` seem redundant and might cause ambiguity. I've created an issue [over here](https://github.com/agoric-labs/synpress/issues/47) and we will address it soon.

**Returns:**

- _(**boolean**)_: `true` if the wallet was set up successfully, `false` otherwise.

## `acceptAccess`

> Handles the authorization process for connecting the Keplr wallet to a DApp. Typically, DApps provide a `Connect Wallet` option to initiate this process.

Reviewer 3: remove Typically.

**Returns:**

- _(**boolean**)_: `true` if access was accepted successfully, `false` otherwise.

## `confirmTransaction`

Handles signing transactions within a DApp using the Keplr wallet. This occurs when a user initiates a transaction, such as sending tokens or interacting with a smart contract.

**Returns:**

- _(**boolean**)_: `true` if transaction was approved successfully, `false` otherwise.

## Managing Browser Tabs

> In DApp testing, we typically have two important tabs open in the browser: one for the Keplr extension window and another for the Cypress window, where the DApp is running.

Reviewer 3: remove Typically.

- `Keplr Extension Window`: This tab is used for managing your Keplr wallet and interacting with blockchain transactions.
- `Cypress Window`: This tab runs the DApp you are testing and allows you to interact with the application directly.

`@agoric/synpress` provides the following commands to help determine the status of these windows and switch focus between them:

### `isExtensionWindowActive`

Determines whether the Keplr extension window is the currently active tab.

**Returns:**

- _(**boolean**)_:`true` if the Keplr extension window is active, `false` otherwise.

### `switchToExtensionWindow`

Switches the focus to the Keplr extension window tab.

**Returns:**

- _(**boolean**)_:`true` if the focus change was successful, `false` otherwise.

### `isCypressWindowActive`

Determines whether the Cypress window, where the DApp is running, is the currently active tab.

**Returns:**

- _(**boolean**)_:`true` if the Cypress window is active, `false` otherwise.

### `switchToCypressWindow`

Switches the focus to the Cypress window tab.

**Returns:**

- _(**boolean**)_:`true` if the focus change was successful, `false` otherwise.

## `disconnectWalletFromDapp`

> Disconnects the Keplr wallet from all previously connected DApps. After executing this command, the DApps will need to request permission to connect to the wallet again.

Reviewer 3: remove "the DApps will need to request permission to connect to the wallet again."

**Returns:**

- _(**boolean**)_:`true` if the disconnection was successful, `false` otherwise.

## `getWalletAddress`

> Retrieves the wallet address associated with a specified blockchain.

Reviewer 3: add "from the currently active wallet."

**Arguments:**

- `chainName` _(**string**)_: The name of the blockchain for which you want to obtain the wallet address.

**Returns:**

- _(**string**)_: The wallet address for the specified blockchain.

## `switchWallet`

Switches the active wallet to the specified wallet by name.

**Arguments:**

- `walletName` _(**string**)_: The name of the wallet you want to switch to. This should match the name used when the wallet was created using the `setupWallet` command.

**Returns:**

- _(**boolean**)_: `true` if the wallet switch was successful, `false` otherwise.

## `addNewTokensFound`

Adds all the new tokens discovered by the Keplr extension to the user's token portfolio when it connects to a new blockchain network.

**Returns:**

- _(**boolean**)_: `true` if the tokens were successfully added to the user's token portfolio `false` otherwise.

## `getTokenAmount`

Retrieves the balance of a specified token in the wallet.

**Arguments:**

- `tokenName` _(**string**)_: The name of the token for which you want to retrieve the balance.

**Returns:**

- _(**number**)_: The amount of the specified token currently held in the wallet.

<br />

> For a full list of all the commands, you can refer to the [Keplr plugin file](https://github.com/agoric-labs/synpress/blob/dev/plugins/keplr-plugin.js).

Reviewer 3: remove "all the"
